[DOCS-7558] Alfresco Governance Services 23.2 (#1348)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: governance-services/latest/install/zip.md

The Governance Services distribution zip file contains the following files:

> |alfresco-governance-services-enterprise-repo-23.x.0.230.amp|Contains Governance Services functionality that's applied to an existing Alfresco Content Services installation.|
> |alfresco-governance-services-enterprise-share-23.x.0.269.amp|Contains Governance Services functionality that's applied to an existing Alfresco Share installation.|

Reviewer: There are two more uses of these files - please update those as well.

```suggestion
|alfresco-governance-services-enterprise-repo-23.x.x.xxx.amp|Contains Governance Services functionality that's applied to an existing Alfresco Content Services installation.|
|alfresco-governance-services-enterprise-share-23.x.x.xxx.amp|Contains Governance Services functionality that's applied to an existing Alfresco Share installation.|
```
